Junior Data BI Analyst at Patterned Learning AI
Junior Data BI Analyst, US/Canada Residents only, Full-Time, Salary $70K-$80K

 

Minimum 1 year of work experience - fully remote position. Freshers are also encouraged to apply.
 

About us: The Future of AI is Patterned We are a stealth-mode technology startup that is revolutionizing the way AI is used. Our platform uses pattern recognition to train AI models that are more accurate, efficient, and robust than ever before. 

We are backed by top investors, including Sequoia and Andreessen Horowitz, and we are hiring for almost everything! If you are passionate about AI and want to be a part of something big, then we want to hear from you.

Make a positive impact on the world. Be a part of a fast-growing startup. If you are interested in learning more, please visit our website. 
 

We are looking for people who are: 

Passionate about AI. 

Excellent problem solvers. 

Team players.

Driven to succeed. 
 

Mandatory Skills Description

Bachelor's Degree required with an emphasis in business, economics, math, engineering or analytics preferred (or relevant work experience). Advanced degree or certification preferred.
1+ years, with at least 1 years of analytic experience
Proficiency in interacting with various database and file storage systems (Examples: Oracle, Hadoop, NoSQL). Understanding of join types.
Experience with data manipulation languages, such as SQL, required
Knowledge of statistical concepts and analytic techniques, including descriptive statistics, forecasting, economic modeling, exploratory analysis, and variance analysis required.
 Ability to perform univariate analytic analytical techniques
 Experience using Microsoft Excel, including use of pivot tables, formulas, macros, vba, charts/graphs
Experience with visualization tools such as Tableau, PowerBi, or QlikView.
Strong analytical, critical and systems thinking required
 
Nice to Have Skills

Good understanding of Agile framework (SCRUM)
Familiarity with Salesforce is a plus.
